学校：昆明冶金高等专科学校，计算机应用技术，2012.7毕业
从业经历： 
2019.5 ～ 创建ahezime.com(开发中...)
2017.5 ～ 2019.5 深圳深度教育股份公司 Golang工程师
2016.1 ～ 2016.12 云南远信科技 Java工程师
2012.5 ～ 2015.5 云南瑞攀科技有限公司 Java工程师

You need to stop with the instant gratification. Reddit, YouTube, twitter, etc is addicting because you get a dopamine rush immediately and no work is required. This is a bad thing. Why? Because even though you get this dopamine rush, the effects are limited. It also teaches your brain that you don't need to work to get what you want. This lowers your attention span, as you've said, and is the reason you no longer enjoy tasks such as reading (which actually isn't hard, your brain just thinks it is when compared to YouTube). When you work at something and are rewarded for your efforts, you are happy not just for a split second but for weeks or even months after depending on how big the task is that you've accomplished. I don't think anyone can say they like the feeling of scrolling Reddit more than finishing a satisfying book, or finally completing a challenging essay and being proud of it.

To shorten this to a few points, put your phone down. Do what you used to like, FORCE yourself to do it until you like it again. You shouldn't be on YouTube for more than an hour a day. It'll be tough at first but you will start to feel better again. Why should you prefer reading a book, for instance, over watching YouTube, when both bring pleasure? Because the pleasure you feel from reading a book LASTS longer and it is of higher quality. You don't feel bad/guilty after reading a book for an hour, as opposed to scrolling Reddit for an hour. It also EQUIPS you to deal with future experiences, even if the book is fiction. It adds to your life experience, and your actual experience OF life itself.

1906229249845171

 你是蛆吧？天天在茅屎坑里游泳吃粑粑。有一天我刚好过去拉屎，你很兴奋地游过来，望眼欲穿地闻着我拉倒一半的便便奋力地急速游来。妈蛋，说时迟那时快，你他妈差不多跳起来咬到老子屁眼了。你跳起来的位置刚好在asshole下方。我“啊”的一声拉出来一大坨热气腾腾的金黄色便便，把你压翻到屎尿堆里了。舒服啊！！！你吃完了还意犹未尽地望着我给你多拉一点。可惜我那天没有那么多黄金给你造～～～。我的黄金怎么样，吃屎小蛆？哈哈哈哈

https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/meiti/ql2-01072019090753.html

立法彻底消灭共产党，删除所有和共产思想相关的数据，销毁所有共产党相关的书籍，禁止以任何方式传播一切违法人类人权的马列主义、毛泽东思想等等。凡违法者剥夺一切政治权利、没收财产、发派到沙漠种树、劳改，直至彻底清洗共产毒素。

​请愿网站发送确认邮件的服务挂了这么长时间都没人去维护，哇擦，不是被黑了就是故意把那个服务给关了，相关人员可能被蓝金黄了

You need watch the live streaming videos shooting by journalists in Hong Kong, the violent 'policemen' disguised as protestors use brutal ways of force to oppress the people who want freedom, even in the subways they fire tear gas and hit passengers. Those actions are complete anti-human. They(the so-called 'policeman' and the backing force CCP) got their names by what they have done. Is that clear? CGTN is backing by the Chinese gov. The CCP(The WE THE PEOPLE website shows it has been signed as a terrorist organization, here's the address: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/call-official-recognition-chinese-communist-party-terrorist-organization) manipulates social network data by faking news, there's enough evidence out there to verify what I have mentioned above. Or, you are just a 50-CENT. All in all, the claws(including the CGTN) of the red terror dragon are anti-human.

人才如果是没骨气，那也只是犬儒而已。有胆识、有眼界、有计划、并且持之以恒，最重要的是要有领导力（或是可以骗人的能力，呵呵），至少据我两年多的观察，郭文贵具备这些素质，比那些所谓的人才要强得多；况且，没有哪个人是完美的，但可以借用他人的智慧和能力来达到既定目标，郭文贵也有这种能力。凭以上这些，我觉得郭已经比一般人强太多了，所以CCP才害怕他这样的人。先不论他人品如何，如果是真心反共，真心希望中国走向自由、民主、文明的国家，那我们就应该支持。P.S: 我哪里说能造反是人才？还有，我想您也知道为什么要造反吧。

我哪里说郭是人才，您眼睛有问题？您来谈谈什么是人才，我倒是想听听。难道创建法制基金、创建郭媒体、举行发布会、爆料、游说白宫等等这些也算嘴炮？如果是嘴炮，那您也给我们出来走两步。像您这样的才是嘴炮吧？

灭共：1. 先破坏CCTV监控系统 2. 骇客金融系统 3. 切断运输系统 4. 造或购买武器 5. 破坏重要军事设施 6. 和CCP硬干。 妈的，死也要死得明白点。看香港人都三个月了，共匪还在打香港人，打死了也没人惩罚这些共匪杂种。

中共国主要物产：维尼熊、五毛狗、共产猪、韭菜。

China people believe money more than anyone else in the world. China is doing genocide in Xinjiang, killing people in Hong Kong, and organ harvesting. The CCP is evil, it can do anything beyond imagination, steel tech from other civilized countries is a piece of cake. The CCP hires millions of 50 cents army, just like you, to wash the Internet.

I was reported by CCP (CCP stands for the Chinese Communist Party) phil people, I chated on the CGTN(backing by the CCP) channel to disguss with them about the Hong Kong situation, then I got oral attack, and they reported me with no sense. I don't know if I have violated any of the policies of the community policies. I hope you can review it and restore my YouTube account. Thank you. Best regards and have a nice day!


	
Danielle
Customer support

RayI cannot connect to any of the servers, including the obfuscated servers, in China for months now, I tried every possible ways. The VPN on My Android phone and Linux desktop both are not working. It's really frustrating. Can I have a refund?
Chat started

Customer CareWelcome to our live chat! We are here to help you and we’ll join the chat with you ASAP.

Billing departmentWhile you wait for an agent, could you please answer the following questions:
1. What is your registered e-mail address?
2. Which payment method have you used?
Danielle joined the chat

DanielleHello, Ray.
Since connecting to our servers from restricted countries requires additional configuration, please refer to this guide:
https://support.sec-cn.site/General-info/1047408742/Connecting-from-a-country-with-internet-restrictions.htm

If the first link doesn't work please try this one:
https://support.cn-accelerator.site/Connectivity/Troubleshooting/1047408742/Connecting-from-a-country-with-internet-restrictions.htm

RayHi
I have checked the guids, and not working.

DanielleManual connection as well?

RayYes, I updated the latest versions, still not working

DanielleI can see that your payment is no longer eligible for the refund.
The manual connection works, however, some issues might be encountered if the configuration is not correct.

Raydispointed, I used the VPN as a backup, used for few times through the last year.

DanielleI can invite my colleague here and he would help you to make sure that your configuration is successful.

RayCan I have a portion of the refund? I know your 30-days money back policy, is it negotiable?  I really don't wanna use NordVPN again.

DanielleUnfortunately, we do not provide partial refunds, it is against our Terms of Service.

RayI digged all the settings in the App, months ago, it works fine, but now I cannot connect to any of the servers for only once in any country by any of methods, even I upgrade the Apps both on my desktop and phone. If there's no way to get it working, I'll wait and see. May I ask you, are your engineers are working on the connection problems which happen in China?

DanielleYes, we have a dedicated team that is working on a new technology. It should be introduced soon. I an extend your account for 2 monhts free of charge as a compensation.

RayOkay, thank you

DanielleNo problem. :)

RayBye

DanielleBye, take care!
Type your message here


